According to the project_instruction, there are 4 main objectives

2) Identify the dog breeds
1) classify dog or not dog
4) Time and accuracy tradeoff
3) which model is best, meaning within CNN, we are using 3 CNNs times 

I will be writing functions in the check_images.py file to accomplish the above mentioned four objectives. 

So lets go to check_images.py file 

Day 1) The performance of a CNN model can be seen when the classification or the output of the model matches with the file name of the image in the pet_images file. It took me two days to make sense of the instruction and i'm not even close to fully understanding why, how, what to do next. 

Day 3) 4/12 TOday I got little sense into what they are asking. check_images.py has collections of functions that are defined in the other files suchs as get_input_args.py, get_pet_labels etc. So, All i have to is, go to individual files and define the functions and update teh check_images.py. So structrually, makes sense. 

Although the objective is for me to learn python syntax, it is a long shot for me to write a piece of code that will extract the names in the get_pet_labels and create a dictionary. I think it is matter of exposure and practice. Nothing to feel worried about, right now. 

Day 4) 4/13 Classify images -> what is this file? What does it do? 
In this file i will be creating a function that will classify the images or creates classifer labels and then compares to pet image labels

We created a classifer.py, in this file there is function that will create classifer lables. This function in imported into the classify_images.py to generate classifer labels.

There is actuall coding to do, now things are gettng confusing. Its like understanding the dynamics of swimming but you need to start "ACTUALLY" swim, feel the anxitey. By no means, I sould assume i will learn how to write correct in single sitting. I will be challenging and fustrating until i get it right. Its the process of getting right is more imprtant then getting it right in the first attempt. 

